so I just got a double stacked theater
so it feeds both areas at the same time
you just pour it into the top and they
feed from the top so they can't there's
some feeders that are angled I like on a
45 but they can scrape out a lot of the
food then you get a waste but this one
they can't they can't really they got to
get their beak right in there too to
pack right so they don't waste any food
hardly which is nice because at 13 bucks
a bag you don't want to waste too much
when I was a kid I lived on a farm with
my mom during the summers and the
landlord had a had a bunch of chickens
and a hobby farm there so it was always
fun going out and spending time feeding
the chickens watching them clock around
and do their thing so I just kind of I
kind of Miss that from my childhood and
you know it's good relaxation and you
know it's it's not like a pet where you
just look after and you get nothing back
you get eggs and you know you learned
something about where your food comes
from and you learn about sustainability
and local food and vomit sista it's a
good feeling when you when you can crack
open that fresh egg and have a nice
omelet so it's a combination of things
you can keep hence in the winter you to
be very specific with what breeds you
get there's obviously some breeds that
are more suited for down south in the
you know in the desert and some for up
here right like I actually have the
white one behind me is a Chanticleer
which is a Canadian breed was being made
in Quebec for low light egg-laying and
and meat production so you know if
you're gonna keep hens in the in the
city in the wintertime you gotta do your
homework on what breeds are hard each of
the winter and cold you know like
certain breeds have smaller combs so
they're less prone to frostbite they
have their bigger body so they keep heat
better so yeah you definitely gotta do
your homework but these hens survived in
minus 40 no problem no light no no art
or no artificial heat rather oh no I
haven't any prom with cats once they're
the same size a cat really is loses
interest as a chick I'd assume they take
on a chick no problem but a full-grown
bird would probably give it a run for
its money that really started to mess
with it you know if you let it go it's
just like dog dog feces you know if you
let it pile up it's gonna smell but you
know routine maintenance you know it's
uh it's it's a no big deal you know I'm
like once a week I do a little bit of
cleanup and I've never had anybody
complain this is one of the busiest
streets in the neighborhood and no one's
ever poked her head over the fence going
what is that you know so it's uh it's
pretty easy it's easy easy to manage
well I have about 90 square feet of
space for these birds and I mean they
they don't exhibit any kind of
overcrowding symptoms so
I mean I think I got a pretty good
pretty good system the coop space you'd
only need about yet three or four square
feet of coop space for each bird and
then books 10 square feet of run space
and I have ample space so people that
need to be educated you know they're
scared of what they don't know I mean
you know you can have these big people
in suits talking about they're dirty and
they're noisy and they're smelly and
people don't want to be imposed upon
like that and it's true I wouldn't if
they were really that bad I wouldn't
want them either but you know they're
really there sweet birds they don't make
a lot of noise they don't smell you know
they reward you with fresh eggs and and
companionship so it's uh what needs to
happen is there just needs to be more
awareness you know people need to get
back to that that kind of grass root
mentality where it's okay to make your
own vegetables and raise a few Birds
yeah just it just education is probably
the biggest thing
you